# Ontopoetry Ontology
## Description
**Ontopoetry Ontology** facilitates a set of concepts for describing **poetic works** (poems, poetic drama or plays written in verse and songs). It is the product of a homogenization effort that considers different literary traditions, periods, poetic genres, and authorship. Additionally, this will enable the comparison of the characteristics and data in this poetry and thus carry out invaluable research in Comparative Literature and Comparative Metrical Studies quantitatively.
Two  cases of use are used to define the main Ontopoetry Ontology subdomains (i.e., modules):
1.	Bibliographic information search and indexing: tackling the requirements of the poetry scholar community researchers involves the intensive usage of bibliographic information, mainly from the librarian domain. This information is used to differentiate the different conceptual and physical properties of the works yielding the definition of two modules:
  - Ontopoetry Core module represents the abstract idea of the bibliographic information. Entities of works are required to differentiate between the abstract idea of a    work and its different expressions (e.g., translations). Therefore, this module includes all the essential information that characterizes works and their expressions,    irrespective of their physical materializations.
	-Ontopoetry Transmission module represents the more tangible side of bibliographic information related to poetic works. It extends the descriptions of the Ontopoetry     Core Module by linking the conceptual textual editions or instances of Redaction with appropriate sources, between which we distinguish bibliographic sources and         primary sources providing ontological elements to describe the materializations and manifestations of expressions, including ownership, identification, integrity         status, dimensions, or material, among others.
2.	Poetic information annotation and searching:
  -Ontopoetry Poetic Analysis Module represents different phenomena associated with metrics and prosody, including the textual elements or parts of a poem and the          different metrical patterns that analyse those elements. The ontology allows metrical information annotation using scansion symbols for each line and describes each      element’s analysis at a metrical syllable, foot, or morae level. In addition, we also include means to annotate the presence of literary devices such as enjambment,      synaloepha, and other relevant figures of speech.
